[DOCS] Adds highlights doc for 8.6 (#146240)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/whats-new.asciidoc

For detailed information about this release,
check the <<release-notes, release notes>>.

Previous versions: {kibana-ref-all}/8.5/whats-new.html[8.5] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.4/whats-new.html[8.4] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.3/whats-new.html[8.3] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.2/whats-new.html[8.2]
| {kibana-ref-all}/8.1/whats-new.html[8.1] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/whats-new.html[8.0]

[discrete]
=== Visualization editors

[discrete]
==== Trend lines on metric visualizations

preview:[] Layering visual components helps you to create even more powerful
visualizations for your dashboards. With the metric visualization in Lens,
you can now add trend lines to highlight important trends in your data
and uncover insights.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/highlights-metric-vis.png[Trend lines on metric visualizations]

[discrete]
==== Partition charts with multiple metrics

> Getting a complete view of your data just got easier. When you create partition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Making sense of your data just got a whole lot easier. In Lens, you can create partition
```

> charts in Lens, you can now visualize multiple metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
charts with multiple metrics, which is helpful for when you want a complete view of your data, such as the rate of errors by type under different conditions.
```
